Roi management (#122)
aramis-lab/AD-DL: docs/Train/Details.md

- *p<sub>i</sub><sup>AD</sup>* is the probability of AD for patch *i*,
- *bacc<sub>i</sub>* is the validation balanced accuracy for patch *i*.

## Multi-cohort

It is now possible to use fonctions of ClinicaDL on several datasets at the same time.
In this case, the `multi-cohort` flag must be given, and the `caps_directory` and the `tsv_path`

> must be TSV files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
correspond to TSV files.
```

The `caps_directory` variable must lead to a TSV file with two columns:
- `cohort` the name of the cohort (must correspond to the values in `tsv_path`),
- `path` the path to the corresponding [CAPS](https://aramislab.paris.inria.fr/clinica/docs/public/latest/CAPS/Introduction/) hierarchy.

> The `tsv_path` variable must lead to a TSV file with two columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tsv_path` argument point to a TSV file with two columns:
```
